fix(core): Allow path-only URLs to be used with GET requests (#3514)
urql-graphql/urql: .changeset/curvy-sheep-drive.md

---
'@urql/core': patch
---

> Allow URLs consisting of only a path (i.e. `/api/graphql`) to be passed to `fetch` when using GET requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow `url` to be a plain, non-URL pathname (i.e. `/api/graphql`) to be used with `preferGetMethod`
```

Just suggesting this change too, while I'm here for clarity.
